h1. Michromeformats

h2. What is it?

It displays any microformats on the page and supports hCard, hCalendar, hReview and hRecipe.

hCards and hCalendars can be exported to your computer so you can add contacts to an address book or calendar.

Inspiration came from Remy Sharp's awesome "Microformats Bookmarklet":leftlogic.com/lounge/articles/microformats_bookmarklet, which got its inspiration from "Jon Hick's":http://www.hicksdesign.co.uk/journal/a-proposal-for-a-safari-microformats-plugin proposed Safari plugin.

h3. What are microformats?

Designed for humans first and machines second, microformats are a set of simple, open data formats built upon existing and widely adopted standards. "Learn more about microformats":http://microformats.org/about

h2. Benefits

* Download/Export data to *.vcf for cards or *.ics for events
* Supports hCard, hCalendar, hReview and hRecipe formats
* Easily view and test your microformats while you're building out a site

h3. Coming soon

* Better handling of nested hCards
* Firefox's Operator-like features?
* Other format support:
** hProduct
** hAudio
** hResume
** hAtom
** better rel-tag support

h3. Wild and crazy ideas

* Integrate with other web services, for example
* Add a context menu for downloading a card or event on the page

h2. Thank You

h3. Contributors

"Haampie":https://github.com/haampie for providing the Google Contacts and Calendar integration.

h3. Icons

Some of the icons come from "Matthias Pfefferle's Microformat icon set":http://notizblog.org/projects/microformats-icons/. This extension wouldn't be *pretty* without these awesome little icons. The recipe icon comes from the MealKeeper set which can be found at "deviantart.com":http://shlyapnikova.deviantart.com/art/Icon-for-MealKeeper-s-soft-162435451
